Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#343)
curquiza/meilisearch-dotnet: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Tests <!-- omit in TOC -->

> Meilisearch instance must be started with the specific docker-compose file in the directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests locally, the Meilisearch instance must be started with the specific docker-compose file in the:
```

```bash
docker-compose up
```

You need to run the following command to launch tests in the Dotnet SDK:

```bash
curl -L https://install.meilisearch.com | sh # download Meilisearch

> ./meilisearch --master-key=masterKey --no-analytics # run Meilisearch

Reviewer: This 2 lines are not needed if Meilisearch is launch with docker.

### Tests <!-- omit in TOC -->

> To run the tests locally, the Meilisearch instance must be started with the specific docker-compose file in the:

Reviewer: Isn't a word missing?

Author: My bad ...I have updated the same!
